Well, if you are reading this, you must be from SOD2 Modding Discord, right?
and you unpacked this mod to see if you can find any assets made by you or your friends, right?
Well I'm gonna save you a lot of time because I'm gonna tell you here...

First of all, yes, I'm using some assets other people edited, but the great majority of them I've reedited.
This means you are gonna find your UUID in some files, but this doesn't mean they are exactly like your asset originaly was
so chill out. I did this just to save time;

Second, 99% of the assets you claim to be yours are just game files already present in the game 
the only thing you did was change a value or two, and I'm sorry if you disagree but this doesn't make it YOUR ASSET;

Third, Before I was a modder, I am a part of the community that plays this game, and we don't give a damn about who edited stuff, 
we just wanna have some fun, mods are made by the community to the community and we only care about this;

Four, YOUR RULE 3 IS A JOKE, do you guys think that changing a number 3 to a number 5 in an IntProperty really makes it YOUR asset, really ZOD?
you must be kidding, I've changed the name of a book in the game so now this is my INTELECTUAL PROPERTY, LOL
If you really believe this, you have to sue Ulabs, as they copied many ideas from you;

Five, this mod was 90% made by me, editing "your" files and the raw files in the game, a small part of "your" files used here were untouched,
others I had to edit to debug or make them work better in this mod;

Six, If you really don't want people to play this mod and have fun, just because it was built with files that were initialy edited by other modders,
you are very arrogant and jealous, so please, feel free to report it on Nexus, I don't give a damn if I get banned, 
I would just register a new account or just let the mod die, as I've already made many people happy. My github page will still be there tho.
It's a win-win situation for me, a lose-lose situation for the community and nothing will change for you, so go ahead.

I've received many messages criticizing you and thanking me for doing what I did.
What I suggest you guys to do is: 
- Open your files so people can use them to make and publish mods, the community will win and that's what matters in the end
- Teach people how to mod, because I had to learn all by myself as you guys can't teach anyone, that's why I quit that discord. If you don't, I will.

Greetings from Hell.
Peace.

